Update docs of mc release 2022-08-23 (#611)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-ilm-add.rst

   This option has no effect on non-versioned buckets. 
   Requires specifying :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --noncurrentversion-tier`.

   This option has the same behavior as the S3 ``NoncurrentVersionTransition`` action.

   MinIO uses a scanner process to check objects against all configured lifecycle management rules. 
   Slow scanning due to high IO workloads or limited system resources may delay application of lifecycle management rules. 
   See :ref:`minio-lifecycle-management-scanner` for more information.

.. mc-cmd:: --noncurrentversion-tier
   :optional:

   The remote tier to which MinIO :ref:`transitions noncurrent objects versions <minio-lifecycle-management-tiering>`. 
   Specify a remote tier created by :mc:`mc admin tier`.

.. mc-cmd:: --newer-noncurrentversions-expiration
   :optional:

   The maximum number of non-current object versions to retain, ordered from newest to oldest.
   
   Use this flag to retain a certain number of past versions of a file in a first in, first out fashion.
   After retaining the maximum number of non-current versions, MinIO marks any remaining older non-current object versions as eligible for expiration.
   

>    If not specified, MinIO marks all non-current object versions as eligible for expiration.

Author: dropped

>    For example, given `--newer-noncurrentversions-expiration 3`, the following objects are either retained or marked for expiration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following table lists a number of object versions and their expiration eligibility based on `--newer-noncurrentversions-expiration 3``
```

Author: Done

   :optional:

   The number of days an object has been non-current (i.e. replaced by a newer version of that same object) after which MinIO marks the object   version as eligible for transition. 
   MinIO transitions the object to the configured remote tier specified to the :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --tier` once the system host datetime passes that calendar date.

   This option has no effect on non-versioned buckets. 
   Requires specifying :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --noncurrentversion-tier`.

   This option has the same behavior as the S3 ``NoncurrentVersionTransition`` action.

   MinIO uses a scanner process to check objects against all configured lifecycle management rules. 
   Slow scanning due to high IO workloads or limited system resources may delay application of lifecycle management rules. 
   See :ref:`minio-lifecycle-management-scanner` for more information.

.. mc-cmd:: --noncurrentversion-tier
   :optional:

   The remote tier to which MinIO :ref:`transitions noncurrent objects versions <minio-lifecycle-management-tiering>`. 
   Specify a remote tier created by :mc:`mc admin tier`.

.. mc-cmd:: --newer-noncurrentversions-expiration
   :optional:

>    The number of non-current object versions to keep as unexpired.

Reviewer: I think the intent was "The maximum number of non-current object versions to retain, beginning with the most recent non-current version."

I think this could use a simple example, like

```
Given --newer-noncurrentversions-expiration 3, the following objects are either retained or marked for expiration:

- object.csv - Current
- object.csv - v1 (retained)
- object.csv - v2 (retained)
- object.csv - v3 (retained)
- object.csv - v4 (marked for expiry)

Author: That's helpful.
I tweaked the list to make v5 current with v4, v3, and v2 the ones kept. v1 marked for expiration.

>    If not specified, MinIO marks all non-current object versions as unexpired.

Reviewer: marks them as eligible for expiry

Author: done

>    Use this flag to retain a certain number of past versions of a file in a first in, first out fashion.

Reviewer: oh, move this up to be above 213. that way our ordering is

- What it is
- How it works
- What happens if you omit it

Author: Reordered

>    The oldest object version expires when adding a new version of the object.

Reviewer: only if that version is now outside of the limit set. If I set the limit to 10 and only have 9 noncurrent versions, I'm fine.

I'd drop this. we can address this via examples.

Author: I tweaked it.
If the tweak doesn't clarify, I can drop it in favor of maybe an additional example.

   
.. mc-cmd:: --newer-noncurrentversions-transition
   :optional:
   

>    The number of non-current object versions to retain on the current tier.

Reviewer: same thoughts as for expiration.

Author: Done.

Examples
--------

Expire All Bucket Contents After Number of Days
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use :mc:`mc ilm add` with :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --expiry-days` to expire bucket contents a number of days after object creation:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

>    mc ilm add ALIAS/PATH --expiry-days "DAYS" 

Reviewer: Alas, not quite. This will create delete markers, but not actually delete the objects. You have to include both --noncurrent-expiration-days and  --expired-object-delete-marker flag to also delete versioned objects + tombstones.

This does work for non-versioned buckets though. Will leave it to you if you want to try addressing both.

Author: Hmmm. I tweaked the explanation some to emphasize that the objects are marked for expiration.

- Replace :mc-cmd:`ALIAS <mc ilm add ALIAS>` with the :mc:`alias <mc alias>` of the S3-compatible host.

- Replace :mc-cmd:`PATH <mc ilm add ALIAS>` with the path to the bucket on the S3-compatible host.

- Replace :mc-cmd:`DATE <mc ilm add --expiry-days>` with the number of days after which to expire the object. 
  For example, specify ``30`` to expire the object 30 days after creation.

> Transition Non-Current Object Versions at a Prefix to a Different Tiering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transition Non-Current Object Versions at a Prefix to a Different Tier
```

Author: 👍

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the :mc:`mc ilm add` with :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --prefix` and :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm add --tier` to transition older non-current versions of an object to a different storage tier.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc ilm add --prefix "doc/" --transition-days "90" --tier "MINIOTIER-1"                  \
          --noncurrentversion-transition-days "45" --noncurrentversion-tier "MINIOTIER-2"  \
          myminio/mybucket/

This command looks at the contents with the ``doc/`` prefix in the ``mybucket`` bucket on the ``myminio`` deployment.

- Current objects in the prefix older than 90 days move to the ``MINIOTIER-1`` storage tier.
- Non-current objects in the prefix older than 45 days move to the ``MINIOTIER-2`` storage tier.
- Both ``MINIOTIER-1`` and ``MINIOTIER-2`` have already been created with :mc:`mc admin tier add`.

> Expire Current Objects and Non-current Objects for Objects at a Prefix

Reviewer: This is more of an 'expire all'

Author: Tweaked the heading for this example
